Add diagrams and a few tweaks to scRNA-seq (#144)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: scRNA-seq/01-normalizing_scRNA-seq.Rmd

rowData(sce_raw) <- genes
```

In the intro-to-R-tidyverse module notebook, `01-intro-to-r`, we discuss base R 

> object types, but there are sometimes 'special' object types that are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object types, but there are some 'special' object types that are 
```

package-specific. 
`SingleCellExperiment` objects, for example, are what a lot of single-cell 
analysis R packages use, so we will try to get acquainted with them. 

Use this chunk we've set up below to do some exploring of the 
`SingleCellExperiment` object you just made.

```{r Explore SCE structure}
# The SingleCellExperiment is a special type of object used by scater and scran
# R packages, explore its properties here. 
# Also check it out in the environment tab.
```

Below is a modified version of the figure from [Amezquita et al. _bioRxiv._ 2019.](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/590562v1) 
that shows the general structure of `SingleCellExperiment` objects. 

![](figure/sce_structure.png)

Note that each function which transforms the `SingleCellExperiment` object
stores its results back into the object.
Each of these transformation functions also have a corresponding extraction 

> function that allow you extract (or set) those results from the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function that allows you to extract (or set) those results from the 
```
